The uncommon journey and data science

With hindsight and after two prestigious masters degrees (one in business, one in public affairs), I do not believe our global eductation system 
to be any good. It is obvious that competitive learning environments tend to teach students how to handle themselves in a pseudo-challenging 
situation, and provides them with some reflexes for problem solving. Fun fact is, life is a competitive learning environment, and in the end 
a curious worker from the age of 18 will reach their 25th birthday with more knowledge and insight than a "stellar" student from a top university.

The reasons have been explained in details long before I was born (I recommand reading the works of Christopher Lasch as a starter). In any case,
I consider myself an historian and a philosopher, because I spent countless hours since childhood reading and thinking about history, both 
historical content and theories about the field in itself and its role, and because I have spent almost as many hours reading about some specific 
problems in both ancient and modern philosophy and have developped a philosophical system of my own. I am simply uninpressed by anyone hiding
behind a degree, however grandiose, and I always evaluate people in the light of their work and ideas.

For some reason I tend to be interested by almost any subjects : physics, chemistry, military strategy, biology, public policies, astronomy, international relations, finance... It however impossible to work on everything at the same time. Fortunatly, at their current level of 
developpment, nearly all fields rely more and more on massive use of data. Since the logics of algorithms and the rich architectural world of computer science havealways attracted me, and since I tend to feel at ease with mathmatical concepts, I'm more than happy to have engaged 
in a path that may allow me to contribute to progress in several fields over the years.

In my approach to data science I try to include the hollistic aspect of my interests, and I am not afraid to explore in depth contiguous subjects
such as infrastructures, system administration, first principles of computers, networking, the critical theory of the mathematics behind statistical
learning... depending on the free time I have at the moment. 

For those reasons I am open to a wide range of data science projects and I really enjoy discussing both contiguous fields or complitely different
ones as a way to improve creativity both at work and outside. 


